# What is this?
This is primarily supposed to be a tool to help learn C++, with a cheat sheet to be used during programming with quick things I didn't do frequently enough to commit to memory, or that I thing would be useful for a beginner who wants to jump over the learning curve presented by syntax differences in learning a new language. This cheat sheet is extremely limited, and the one notable area it does not cover is pointers and comments on reference vs value that may be unfamiliar to people new to C++. I am also a C++ beginner, and so errors are expected, feedback is welcome, and updates are appreciated.
## Practice files
Included are 3 'practice files' intended as projects to expose beginner programmers to some application driven learning. The most effective way to learn a language is to use it, and although the given examples are contrived, they are hopefully more tangible examples of usage than just reading about different features of the language 
### The Challenge
The challenge of the practice files is to complete the instructions laid out in the comments of ```blastoff.cpp ```, ```plotting.cpp```, and ```cowstuff.cpp``` in 5 minutes, 10 minutes, and 20 minutes respectively. Skimming the CheatSheet beforehand is encouraged, as looking at it during the challenge is also encouraged but counts towards your final time. Coding isn't about being fast, but a little bit of pressure is good. The challenge isn't a requirement, since a lot comes down to chance and your speed at googling things. If you don't hit the time goals, keep working, but try to keep it shortish. If you get frustrated and want to destroy your computer, take a break. These aren't supposed to be 'pull your hair out' hard, maybe just 'pull 2 or 3 hairs out' hard.
## The CheatSheetSandbox
The cheat sheet sandbox is intended to be a compilable and runnable C++ file that includes all of the features described in the cheat sheet, in nearly the same order, with nearly the same syntax. You are encouraged to try to break this script, test out new things, or add new cheats. I generally think a 'sandbox' file with space to try new functions or play with new classes is a great idea, and I have one ready in case I want to explore how some feature works without destroying the project it is inside of


